Don't you give me your love and passion?

(Believe in love, even though
There're borders and disturbance and more
I'm the only one who loves you
Because I'm crazy about you)

Let's ride to hell. tsuishou shite Go
Issho nara mushiro shinitai janai
Beyond the line hate nanka nai
I swear, I'm gonna be so fxxking grateful

Blessing word anata wa shikou
Meirei ni Your highness chuujitsu ni Follow
You give orders watashi wa shinai
Nani yori toutoi mono yo

You don't know why my love is crying
Gyouchaku shitai kajou na kurai
Towa ni naritai Don't wanna cry
Shitto mousou kurui sou yo

Don't you give me your love and passion?
Ai to wa boudou shoudou Let go
Kokoro ijou ni hon'nou, haato made More youkyuu shitai
I don't want to live in a world without you
Anata igai no kono mirai o Kill it, kill it
I would be happy to kill it for my love

Go till the end shisen wa Lock
Saegirarezu ni togetai negai
Straight to you junshin wa Fly
Above the star and sun... so fxxking wonderful

Hey, get out joudan janai
Shikai no Dirty wa haijo shite Trash
Kick them out yousha nado nai
Dare yori yuzurenu mono yo

I'm in the dark, can't see your eyes
Kurai mienai kodoku wa itai
Tomo ni itai No more. Time!
Chissoku mou kurushii yo

Won't you come and hold me tight
Ai to wa junjou kesshou Get all
Souzou ijou no onjou, Hard na kotae youbou shiteru
I wanna make it with you, baby
Anata no ai o erareru nara Risk it, risk it
I'm gonna risk it all what's for two of us

Kuruu aizou moyou Marble ni youkai shite
One and all, yuugou shousou sae mo
Keijou wa hisou jiyuu ni saibou tan'i de
You don't know why my love is crying
Gyouchaku shitai kajou na kurai
Towa ni naritai Don't wanna cry
Houyou shite yo motto

Don't you give me your love and passion?
Anata no subete choudai
Riyuu nante iranai tada aishi aisaretetai
I don't want to live in a world without you
Anata igai nanimo iranai Get it, get it
I can't resist it. Get it for my love

I'll spend my life for loving you
Kill it, kill it

(I'm imaging now. if you're mine,
It's like a paradise and haven and more
You're the only man who I love
In my life and destiny and all)

Don't you give me your love and passion?
I know the border. It should be wrecked, go